what all are oops concept used in ur project in js.
how to achieve interitance in js.
module pattern,singleton.
what will happen if not use prtotype keyword in object property define in js.
what is callback,what is closer.
how do u get the no of arguments(arguments.length)
what is event capturing event bubling
service vs factory
how to share data between to controllers (service method &root scope).
html5 features.
local storage and session storage.
css fox model,position property,default property.absolute property. 
what is directives in angular,example and custom directives.
scope and rootscope in angular.
dirty-checking,error checking-directive.
digest,apply,watch explain and difference.
what is anular-controller.
how can u share data between two controller.(rootscope,service).
what is dependency injection.
explain broadcast.
service and factory.
how to implement routing in angular.
link and compile in angular.
promises in angular.
ajax call in angular.
$http in angular.(asynchronous false)
routeprovider in angular.
difference between stateprovider and routeprovider.
how to get selected value from dropdown in jquery.
how to select multiple element in jquery.
explain broadcast and emit.
how can u define angular application and controller.
angular tools or tourist.
run mehod in angular.le
single page application explain with example.
isolated scope,property of custom directive.
filter and custom filter.
new tags in html.
how to write media query in bootstrap.
positions in css.
difference between inline and block and inline-block.
hoisting in javascript.
different ways to invoke function.
benefits of angular.js,why using.
reference link unit testing and e2e testing-https://docs.angularjs.org/guide/services
form validation with error and suggestion.
how do u handling route.
simentics in html.
difference b/w max-value and max-length and size.
disply block,visible block.
document.ready and body.onload difference.
size and length difference in jquery.
empty and remove funtion difference.
ajax call.
What is the difference between '@' and '=' in directive scope in AngularJS?
Difference between angular-route and angular-ui-router.
explain transclude.
explain ng-include, ng-switch.

